Well, this guy is in his middle 70s, nearly 80. He was brought up in Trioin. His father
was a forester from the forester's dean. So he'd served a long apprenticeship as a woodsman.
So he knew how to chop trees down and fashion things out of them. And he moved because the
work was there and the pay was better. He moved, I think, in the 30s over here from the forester's
dean. And he got a job making pit props in the Navvy. Now, the pit props were made from pine tree
trunks. The miners liked those pit props as opposed to the steel ones because it would warn
them of a fall. So if the ground above that they were supporting it become unstable, it was unstable
slowly and the pit props would start to squeak and squeal. So they heard them start to squeak
and squeal. They got out quickly. That apparently saved many lives over the life of the pit. There
were quite a number killed, but it saved many lives in addition.